	# Step 1: List all services and save to file
	service --status-all > service_list.txt
	
	# Step 2: Check for mysql and samba services and any unnecessary services
	grep -i "mysql" service_list.txt
	grep -i "samba" service_list.txt
	
	# Step 3: Stop, disable, and remove mysql
	sudo service mysql stop
	sudo update-rc.d -f mysql remove
	sudo apt-get remove --purge mysql-server -y
	sudo apt-get autoremove -y
	
	# Step 3: Stop, disable, and remove samba
	sudo service smbd stop
	sudo update-rc.d -f smbd remove
	sudo apt-get remove --purge samba -y
	sudo apt-get autoremove -y
	
	# Step 4: Verify
	service --status-all | grep -i "mysql"
	service --status-all | grep -i "samba"
	
		Final Notes:
			• update-rc.d is used to disable services on systems where systemctl is not installed.
			• The --purge option ensures that configuration files for mysql and samba are also removed.
			• Always confirm with service --status-all and dpkg that the services are completely stopped and uninstalled.
		
		
Solution using both the service and systemctl commands for illustration:

	1. List All Services and Save to a File:
	
	systemctl list-units --type=service --all > service_list.txt
	2. Identify Running Services:
	
	grep -iE "mysql|samba" service_list.txt
sudo systemctl status mysql
sudo systemctl status smbd
	3. Stop, Disable, and Remove Services:
	
	# Stop
sudo systemctl stop mysql
sudo service mysql stop
sudo systemctl stop smbd
sudo service smbd stop
	# Disable
sudo systemctl disable mysql
sudo systemctl mask mysql
sudo systemctl disable smbd
sudo systemctl mask smbd
	# Remove
sudo apt remove --purge mysql-server mysql-client mysql-common -y
sudo apt remove --purge samba samba-common -y
sudo apt autoremove -y
sudo apt autoclean
	4. Verify Removal:
	
	sudo systemctl status mysql
sudo systemctl status smbd
dpkg -l | grep -E "mysql|samba"
	
	Final Notes
	By following these steps:
		1. You listed all services and identified if mysql or samba were running.
		2. You stopped, disabled, and removed these services securely using both systemctl and service.
		3. You verified the services were fully removed.
	This process ensures that unnecessary services are no longer consuming resources or posing a security risk.
